Here is the transcript

Or whether I want to pay I want to choose to be able to pay all upfront or or or next month or in instalments I want to I want to choose to use a physical card, a virtual card, QR, or an agent, depending on my behalf. I want to be able to draw down from a single credit line without having to deal with, you know, multiple maybe apps or accounts. Actually, we can do all of that already right with this combination. What we need to figure out is how to bring you know the the the payments team, the lending team, and and you know the the various teams in FS now to enable that that experience. Now, another example, a merchant, whereas a new merchant, who wants to start up a new business, or an existing merchant want to optimise its operation, their operations. They want to be able to accept payments. For example, again, anywhere online or in store. Do you want to have their payment settled in quickly or invite immediately if possible. They want to be able to pay their suppliers easily. They want, they want to get a loan, they want to earn interest on their on their on their balance. Again, we can we can do that already today. Yeah with this combination. And so, the most innovative products really blur these lines between between the verticals, and having this structure, I believe, will be able to enable that. So I look forward to a lot more interesting ideas coming from from this combined group. Now, second thing is, I think we can leverage risk and fraud, fraud management, legal compliance as a strategic advantage for us. You know, we, we are, we are in a very unique position where we have a, we have a, we have both sets of data on the bank side and on the fintech side, as well as the licenses on both sides, and I think we're just of leveraging that strength. And there's a lot more we can do to really turn this into a strategic strength and an advantage for us. And this is why, you know, we have, um, you know, we have identified, um, single traded leaders across across these functions in in Rupa, for example, who leads to lead, credit race and collections, Farah, who's gonna leave abroad. Cindy and Joan, who's gonna help us look at Legon on both sides, working with, of course, the the compliance and legal team on the banks. And also working with Vincent, or Ciaro in the banks, to really make this happen, make this really into a strength and a mood for us. Yeah. So that's that's where we really starting, and the third thing certainly last, but not least, is that we need to be a lot more tech and AI lab, but we work that company, right? Grabs the tech company, the DU Banks tech company, will continue to be driven and led by tech. In fact, I think we need to be more tech lab, right? Again you know referencing the the emails that we send out We are working I'm working with the tech leaders, of course, G, Finn, and and the banks, Andrea, Sri Khan, Shah, Rajat, Nishan, to work out what's the best way to bring these teams together, so that we can work a lot more effectively, more, more, more efficiently, and ultimately serve our customers better. Now, before I just, before I end, that's all I have, once like, yeah, 55% on the PC, um, I just want to end, right, if you remember, if you recall, I mean, you may have heard about, you may have heard Anthony talked about our hundred billion dollar ambition, just as a pseudos of, you know, long term ambition that we have, not, it's not that the valuation is, is, is, is that important, but it's, it's the size of the ambition that we have. Essentially, 100 billion means we need to build, you know, another 4 grab size companies. And I believe financial services can be one of those grab size companies. Event, you know, question is, when do we get that? And I've seen this, we've seen this happen globally, right? Very, very successful findex and digital banks that was born out of ecosystems, and now growing, it has outgrown its ecosystem itself. Right, in the likes of, you know, Mercado Pago, in Brazil, or even closer to home, you know, money. They have become really, really big, intact, and very successful companies. We can do that as well. And I look forward to that happening. Working with each of you, and yeah, looking forward to that. That's all. Thank you very much. Hello everybody. For those who do not know me, I'm hazy, run the bank group, in Jackson and GXP, so in fact, while we're all staying here in a in a very filled room, we do have a big group of focusses online, from Malaysia as well, as well as India, right? Because we do have a a engineering centre that actually sits in India as well. Look it in the bank room. Right? So, um, thank you everybody. It's so nice to see everyone. You know, I was hearing and listening actually to Alex and then actually KLG. Then I was just thinking, right, why am I so excited? No, uh, we had a couple of actually me town halls this morning already. Actually, quite a few of you, and you know as I sat there thinking about, what am I so excited? I am so excited because I think the envision that AT actually threw out, right? The 1000000000 company that we looked at, right? And um, and as I think about the financial services, which is really, I gave it, all of us are in. We, I think that we have, we have a very big opportunity to be able to actually get that and really contribute. And really why? As we actually get together actually as one, as you know, when think about the financial service, the fact that we're all coming together means that we no longer really compete. We are complimentary actually to each other, so it's really about having one strategy. One really product word math. You know, and we will say, yeah, better have one roadmap, right? Shah is not here, but Shah will also say the same thing. Shah is there, Shah would say must have went roadmap because we be so confused. There are too many. And really, actually, when you think about that, it's really, you know, and we think about what, what is the roadmap and what is the one strategy, that is really about custom centricity, because ultimately we are actually competing the markets that we in. What we want to be able to do actually. actually as together is to deliver action on a chat mission. Our shared mission is ready to serve the other serve making sure that we give financial access actually in the best way that it is together and not separately. Always complimentary and never in competition so that's actually the first and I think that really actually helps us together, then compete in a market, right, for, for the best interest of our customers. That's the first, second, us actually coming together where the bank has scaled quite a lot actually in the last maybe 18 months. So I was just telling some of the teams actually this morning that you know last year we had like 600000000 US in in assets in in loan books. All in 18 months. Right? The good news is that we've done it. Right? So we've doubled the books I tripled the books last year. The bad news, right, for the two who have to deliver the numbers and opportunity to get them, is that another 3 times. Actually, this year. So, we're looking at 1.8 billion, right? But, really, actually, at 1.8, it's just a drop in the ocean, actually, no market the vacant, and do we have the opportunity to actually build it and actually scale it up for three times, three times a lot, but isn't three times exciting? Okay, I don't know if you caught yourself, when Alex talk about the loan shark story, they talk about the, the loan shark and the money lender actually think that are licensed lender, right? Rupa, there were unf also the licenses like that. We are the lender, but not the unlicensed lender. We are the license lender. And we therefore actually have not only the license to be able to land, but also the deposits that also Alex spoke about to be able to then accelerate and augment, because we have the ability to bring in actually deposits so that we able to land more. And I was telling the team earlier that today, actually, across all the banks, our asset to deposit ratio is actually less than 50%. So what that means is our opportunity to grow beyond the one. 8 B in hand. It's actually a lot, lot more than just the one.8 billion, because with the opportunity to actually grow even more, to be able to penetrate the market that we in, because together we can then use the data that we have to risk capabilities that the bank has, along with what the risk capabilities, RUPA and Farah has also actually built the team in. Together, we can then go out and Vincent hold out to then to then actually target and grow. So it's three, it's truly, truly, truly an exciting time. The 3rd is that as I see everybody sitting here and lots of folks that are on the VC. The, uh, today, uh, I think there's going to be the next many, many, many months to come to be loads of opportunities for us to learn from each other. I was sitting in my very first meat and beat session this morning. Right. I have no... I do always try to figure out, is it meeting the budget, and then trying to beat the budget, or, you know, and what was that right? So there's a meet and beat session actually this morning in grab and that's me actually sitting in the bank. From the bank side, but that session actually really helped me to learn a lot about whatever business is also actual out there in grab. So I, I suspect that as we try to go through this journey, right, all of us will be able to learn a lot more over this period because we are together and not separate. And therefore also actually giving, I think everyone, the career opportunity, career mobility to learn more. So, so one, it will really actually get to the business that I think will be able to grow. Second is that we truly be able to leverage on each other's strength, and third is, um, you know, just us learning more, and hopefully I think personally we all actually grow actually along with this journey, so cannot tell you how excited I am. Actually today is 16th of January, we still have 11.5 months, more months to go for the year, and uh, it's gonna be a period of intense learning, and hopefully actually intense growth for actually all of us actually together. Okay, so yeah. Last thing, I do, we do want to talk about a little bit timeline. Okay, so we went in actually with the announcement yesterday, and also, when you say, Hakka so fast, there's already actually a town hall, so town hall stay. We are supposed to go effective actually 19th of Jan. This is what we'll do, okay? Because from the bank side we do have some regulatory governance bed that we need to get across but truly from even from yesterday onwards we can start talking to each other, making sure that we start working through. That's what we already doing. Like we said actually in the in the communication as well, whilst there's a phase one, there's a phase one, there will be work trying to trying to converge actually more of our team together over the next phase, and we'll have to work through it, and that's going to be through the next set of work that's happening as we speak. Okay? All right, pause, and I think now is for any Q and E. Yep. Eight Suncress, I'll be facilitating the Q and A for today's town hall, so it's gonna be a little bit different for grab folks because we are deactivating SSO sign on for this town hall, so you'll need to follow the instructions on the screen, log in, scan the clear code, log in to slider with your full name and work address, and submit your question as per usual. So we'll try our best to answer as many questions as we can, and we'll upload our questions. You will be uploading the questions, you will prioritise them accordingly. Uh, and just keep for housekeeping, just uh, to take note on uh, Gutri, um, uh, skip, skip the questions which are, but unclear or submitted under pseudonym. Okay? So I'll give just a minute or two for folks to log in and submit their questions and we can take it from there. And for folks on call, we've also embedded the side link in the town hall invite so you can just click on your calendar and access the slider from there. Hey, I think a couple of questions are coming in and it'll spotlight that. Okay, 1st questions from Sangeet. Thank you for the update. Alex mentioned 2 things, no cost cutting initiatives, that we have more work to do, and yet we saw a rift happen in Digibank last month. These seem contradictory. Could you help us to understand how these align? Is this about reallocating resources to different priority areas? Yeah, great question. So we wanted to make sure that the the engineering resource going forward was that right size for what we have left to do. There's plenty left to do, but we have a, we do have a very large engineering team. So, um, as we reach the end of a build phase for the banks, It did look like there was a mismatch. So I think the leadership team here wanted to make sure that we could stand in front of you today and say what I just said, which is that we don't have any plans. So then we, so we decide, any plan to do any, any reductions? So we wanted to make sure that was all behind us. We did the right sizing for the engineering teams so that what we have ahead of us is at the right level for the resourcing. So I think it's better that way. So you know where you all stand. It's never good to have to do a reduction in force, which is what we had to do. Um, in December. But you have my insurance that we did our best to look after everybody, and some of those folks are actually either have or will get jobs at grab. But if they couldn't, then, of course, we hope that you know that we provided a generous package by industry standards. But basically, we can reconcile the 2 statements by being clear today that we've done the reduction that we needed to do, and now we feel we have the right size going forward. Maybe we could add, actually, on that. On the bank site, we did, yes, a ticket reduction in fours last year. We took that effective December. Now, on the bank side, when we actually took this reduction, it was really actually in response to the phase of growth that we're in at the face of bill, because we have completed quite a lot of bill, right? And the bill is not only engineering resource, it's also non-type. Right? As we now actually go in the run phase, so to a large extent, and note, to the full extent, fact is where we took those decisions and actually look at Pung and where, we connect, reduce. We not only look at the face of a growth of where the bank is, but also in anticipation of what FS might apply. So in that way, there is, there are, there is some speaking to the blank post. They are, actually, no, other reduction that we will be taking at all. Actually, true this exercise or true this convergence. Okay? Thank you, and thanks to Sangeet for the question. That's going to the next one. Shannon asks, what would this look like to consumers? Will they see a unified brand for FS? So, this also mean that we will see more GXS presence, and then it within the grab app, like, for example, in in the pages. Yeah, good question. Thanks for the question, Shannon, right? So, I think in the near term, we will maintain the separate branding. I mean, to rebrand is not a trivial exercise. I think we we have invested in a lot into building up both the grab and the JXS prints. I think there is a lot of equity in those brands. Now, having said that, bringing these teams together, we do need, and I think the opportunity for us to go to market in a more coherent way, in a much more customer centric way. Yeah? Uh, so if that means having, um, a more customer centric flow within the app, um, having more visibility across both both both apps, uh, we will definitely explore those uh, all those options. Ultimately, it's like, you know, like I said, one of the changes that I hope to make, to hope to see is that we will become a lot more customer centric. Yeah, one of the main outcomes of this realignment, of this alignment between all of us for financial services, is to be clear that we have one holistic strategy where all the pieces fit together, and then we have a single roadmap for products for consumers and a single roadmap for small businesses. And so Kelge is going to orchestrate that we have that. So those of you that have in the past commented to say, hey, how come this duplication here or how come this gap here? He's actually responsible enough for making sure that there is no duplication and no gaps. And so the bank strategy, which, of course, is independently agreed with the board, at the end of this, we'll fit like a jigsaw piece into the overall single strategy, single roadmap. So, it, the, the, in the structure, as you know, there's the head of consumer and head of SME. Those roles deliberately straddle between banks and G Finn. So those are tough jobs, by the way, so please support Jen and whoever gets the, uh, uh, the role as head of the SME segment. Those are very tough roles because they have to use to reconcile all sorts of conflicting resource allocation decisions in different, you know, different markets, geographic markets too. So very complex. But Kell J will be the tiebreaker, making sure that we actually finally do get to a single road map. All right, thanks, Charlie. Let's move on to the next question. Okay, may we go ask, how will this change affect other functions such as analytics and product teams? Would there be overlaps between the teens at grab and GXS? And how will these roles be defined within these teams? Is there a timeline for these changes? Yeah, good question. It is a very important part of this integration, and in fact, we wanted to, we wanted more time to work out the details of, of the combination of the, the text side of things, right? So it's not just analytics and product, but engineering and data as well. So, we are looking it out, and we will share more details when we are ready over the next, I would say next few weeks. Alright, stay tuned. Thanks me, okay? Very clear RNL, everybody. Yes, that's right. will be a single team, yes. Okay, let's move on to the next question. Okay, this one comes from ragu should we expect engineers from the bank to move into the TFs or PSTs in GFN? If so, what's the mental model to address redundancies across text, text, systems and people? This is related to them. Okay, um, maybe I'll, maybe I'll call upon uh, Andrew, if you, if you want, if definitely comments you want to make, as the head of engine, in pack here. But, As like I said, like we, the, the, the goal is to come together as a single team. At the regional level, at the at the regional level, now of course we will still maintain, you know, engineering teams, tech teams within the bank. But the, the, the, the overlaps will be made very, very clear. I will remove overlaps, but the the roles between the distinction between the regional and the country teams, tag teams will be made very, very clear. Again, when we have the details, we will share more. And do you want to add anything? Yeah. Hey, folks. So, I'm Andrea. I didn't drink anything. Great to be here, and see you all. So, like, like, we are flushing out the deck side of this train. I think a lot of people in this room are from back, so I can imagine there are a lot of questions that you have in your mind about, okay, how does it look? Is it right? We don't have all these answers now, so just be a little bit patient for a few more weeks as we eat practice out. But a few principles are, are, I think we can, we can, we can share. The bottom line here is that we want to bring these two teams together. I'm talking about tech, not engineering specifically. What does it mean? Building things, like discovering what should be built in the 1st place. How do we design the product? How do we create a portfolio product that does not really pass into the user, the organisational boundaries that are really our own problem, not a user problem. And so this means unifying these themes, right? The logistics and the, like, the, aspects about loose seats where in work day, et cetera. will figure it out. So don't worry. about that. But I think the principle is important, right? We will be one team, with clearly well-defined problem spaces, and we will come together in solving from those problem spaces, trying to, over time, move more and more, world where we don't solve the same problem 2 times. over time, but instead we solve it in a way that is amazing, right? Uh, for, for our, for our loses. Um, I mean, there's another question, just later on, about, you know, it doesn't mean that we don't find that, rather crappy from the list. Do we don't do any more engineering in the back? Of course there's going to be a lot of engineering. to do in the bank, we just approach it as one thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If it could also add, um, okay, the 1st thing is I think to, uh, both the Calgaries as well as generous point, is really about actually putting folks together actually one team, so that as far as possible, we solve the problems together. So there's actually the first. Now, will there always actually be a bank run team for example if it run first? Absolutely, because it's what's expected of what we need to actually run to business, and then to a large extent, because we're a bank, right, even if we want to actually converge to run, we can't. It's got to be able to run separately, so that's the 1st, that's the 1st. And then the 2nd is, I'm not sure actually, but this question will then be, doesn't mean if I'm sitting actually in a bank, right today, converging into a a single PST that is led actually by a single leader, cause it's what we really want to actually get to at the end of the day, means that I need to change employment. No. That's not the expectations at all. Okay? So to stay where they are, but we want to be, despite the fact, and in spite of the fact that we are just sitting in so separate entity, we want to see ourselves as one. And therefore be able to work as one. Right? So that should be pretty clear. I think that's important actually in that question. Okay, thanks, Rabu. Let's move on to the next. Hey, this comes from Cheryl. So in the email comms, it's not very clear who is the final decision maker for FS. So, who makes the call if there are material escalations of disagreements, KLJ, PC or Alex? Yeah, we, we, we, we need to be clearer, um, so we, we can do that now face to face. So Kel J is overall responsible for grabs financial services, strategy, roadmap, business, including our interest in the bank. So that's why at the end of the day, he's the one who's going to lead the development of a single clear strategy that you all will be involved in building and then will be fully transparent to everybody. And the product roadmag that will go with that. So he will, he will make sure that whenever there are disagreements, he gets the tie break, to drive it to a final conclusion. So we are absolutely certain where we all stand. PC, of course, has responsibility for governor's reasons to make sure that we also, the banks, also have a product strategy that the board agrees with. She will do that. The two of them will, therefore, forge a strategy that fits together in terms of the strategy and the product roadmap. That is 100% unequivocal, no ambiguities, very, very clear. It will, at this, it will be holistic, so a single strategy with a single front roadmap, but at the same time, it will meet with all the governance requirements that we have to make sure that the board signs off from the bank perspective too. So I hope, I hope that's clear. The answer is, KLJ will be the tiebreaker. But we're at the same time, we'll obviously iterate to make sure that the bank board and the governance processes that we need on the bank are all met at the same time. Okay. Thanks, Cheryl. Next question. I'm George. What will be the intact of these regional changes on countries without banks? And what about impact on G-Film country teams with banks, since only bank country teams were covered by the Yorkchange? Okay, so the, for the, for the countries without the banks, I think this is an opportunity for us to look at what are the gaps there that we could potentially plug with, but with either a bank partner, or in the future, and we're open to it, having, you know, a license, you know, a banking license, you know, markets, if it makes sense, right? A lot of it, of course, will be driven by the success that we see in the countries that we have a bank, right? Singapore Malaysian and also Indonesia. So that's that's the first part now for the bank country teams so as of immediate immediately now I understand that there are separate golden market teams right right now we have to grab golden market teams and the bank go to market teams that that doesn't change today. Now, what we would like to see is to see if there are synergies that we can extract from from these 2 golden market teams. The obvious ones would be when we go to market, we both bank and non-bank products to the same sets of customers or merchants. Yeah, and then we should definitely explore how we can, you know, go to market much more clearer, much, much better, more, more customer centric. I don't know, crazy, you wanna add anything? Yeah, absolutely. So, in this case, truly from the go to market perspective, um, uh, we today actually we have the bank team as well as the grab team that goes out separately. Right? Actually in the single market. We see actually immediately there's an opportunities actually for I think go to market or especially when we when we're in the bank field when we market actually to the gripe ecosystem, there's value to that actually make sure that we converge. We go out together, actually with the gravity, right? Outside grab, because 5 is actually for the bank, whilst we do a lot of business actually within the grab ecosystem, there's loads of business that we do actually outside grab ecosystem. And that's where the gold to market could potentially and and will will like potentially should be separate. actually as we go along. But it's still very, very early days. As you think about how we want to go out, but surely there is, there are opportunities, right, together. Thanks, George. Let's move on to the next one. So the next question comes from Rohit. Banks usually have way more legal compliance. This is on data sharing. Would there be changes in how we interact and utilise rest of our grad data, tools, and resources? Okay, um, let me answer that. Yes, I know that we've got way more actual compliance data share, right? I think the data sharing and confunds is relatedly the same, because fact is starting on data sharing is really about making sure that we get the requisite of your customer consent, making sure that we're able to share this data along actually with the local data privacy law that are actually respective countries. So that's actually the 1st. Second is thought with how we'll be going forward, being able to share more or actually less, what we then really need to do is to 1st we already have a big framework that the the grab as well as the bank are able to actually share data. It's true this exercise, what we will hope to be able to do is to ensure that the process of actually sharing data actually really improves, so that we can we can accelerate actually speed of sharing, at the speed of enabling actually the open of the data accesses, and actually for each of us and all of us to be able to, whether it's relevant to the job that we do, we're able to do so. Cause Rupa is right in front of me, so I take robust, a team as an example. You know, just now, and then, as we were walking up, actually, with Sean, Teishaun is here. Horan also credited rest section for us. So for the bag. So it's been working out, he said, oh my god I'm so excited because now what it means is that it took me 7 months to try to actually get some data actually from grad to help us to build a credit model. That is relevant actually to ecosystem cover us acquire. Now I can work with Ropa and her team, Prati, right, to be able to that directly, actually work through the data that we have, actually in, and crap, so that we'll be able to itrate the credit models and develop the credit models. So that's where the opportunities are, so I do not think that it will slow anybody down. It's really about a salary, what we already have, because we invited in the structures that we are actually today looking at. Okay, LDR is, yes, there will be, there will be changes. It will be good for us. Can you prove it? Let's move on. Expressions from Julian? That's one, product romat mean that we need to prioritise between bank and same type product features, or will we have enough resources to deliver both? Okay. Absolutely, yeah. That's the idea. And actually, as many of you that have come to us and said, why is Bank and Fintech doing the same thing when we've got such short of resources and there's so many other things that we could be doing to grow? So, yeah, we want to make sure that we put all the resources behind one arrowhead so that arrowhead will go even further and faster. So that's a key reason why we're doing this. Um, I think those trade-offs will not be easy to forge, so we'll all have to work together to make sure we get to the right point, but you can, you can readily understand that if we, if we all focus together on the same things, we're gonna really make a lot of progress together. That's the idea here. And we'll do it in a fully transparent way. So you will all see why those trade-offs are being made, you know, why we came out, where we came out, and if the team here does a good job, the leadership team, and I'm sure they will, you'll get heavily involved in helping to make those trade-offs too. I was gonna add, yeah. Um, The, this is not new, right? The need to prioritise, even now, even today, within you know, Julian, you know this very well, right? Payments is stretched in a hundred directions, not just within G Finn, but of course grab, and we always need to prioritise. So the principle of prioritising, which is not about, you know, G Finn versus Bank, but it's really always about how we serve our customers better in the interest of, you know, the entire group. That that principle holds, I will buy the same principles when we do prioritisation now across one FS. Now, in reality, it's this, right? We are actually still sitting on 2 different type of type, start, start, right? So, um, and reality is also that today, we do have, we do have a set of engineers who are able to work on the bank, tax tag, and we've got another set of engineers who are working. So that's also the 2nd reality. So what that means is that they will be prioritisation actually across the one road map that I think Kelty and I will have to work through to make sure that we are able to deliver actually for our respective businesses and actually together as one FS, but there will also actually be work that has to be almost focussed, okay within that reprioritisation within that perspective groups of engineers as well as the the the road map that we have to deliver. And and if you want to say something. I don't want to be a compliment, because I don't believe we call, like we spoke this point out. Many of you have been involved in a lot of planning work in letters before Christmas. And I mean, you are coming back from holidays, very, very busy on projects, and the developers and plants, right? So just to be clear, everything that is planned, everything that we are doing, everything that we're working towards, for the coming weeks and months, nothing changes, right? Everything there on the bank side, and on the Japan side, continues to be super important. We need to stay laser focussed on what we are doing right now. So, I hope this, we're not sending a big signal here in all the, we don't know what we need to do. We know exactly what we need to do, which is what we are doing right now, right? So, we do this, we, we will come back in the coming weeks with updates on the specifics or how do we make all this happen? Make a mistake. The focus is on, for now, continue to do all the great things. We are doing across back. And, uh, and, and, and, right? I just to be clear, because then, over time, we will prioritise as a, you know, globally and make choices that make sense as a whole. We have a lot to do, right, on our plane right now. I just want to make sure... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get me honest. Yes, yes. Um, actually, that's one thing, 'cause I, I said there's actually the, the bank team yesterday, half one, actually forgot, does not change. Okay right? Whatever there is in flight it's in flight doesn't change so that that is a certainty actually for all of us. I can do that. So just conscious of time, we have slightly less than 10 minutes left, so let's take three, last questions, next questions from Gwei. What about the other 2 digit banks? Will Super Bank and GXB be an FS? Yep, the answer is yes. The question is when? So GX Bank Malaysia right away. Same as GXS here in Singapore. So, you know, in fact, the, the product roadmap and the tech roadmap for GXS and GX Bank are already pretty well aligned. So that makes a lot of sense. I think we all recognise in the case of Superbank, they are slightly less aligned, and that's fine, and there's, I mean, they're doing great stuff, and the Indonesia market needs are different in some respects also. So, same messages, Andrea, for the Indonesian team. You're doing the right thing, keep doing what you're doing. But over time, you know, in your case with a longer lead time, we'll be looking to create this Clyde path where we all come together in the same roadmap and the same technology roadmap too. So, so the answer is yes, it's just slightly different timelines. X-ray? Let's move on to the next question. How's from Vincent? Vincentas, we'll take, build roadmap, prioritisation, be done, collectively across G In, 6 countries and GXS 2 countries. Second question, Alex mentioned tech resources will be concentrating in grab. Does that mean that grabs, pack family will be a service provider, PMs and engineers to the banks. Yeah, so on the 1st question, uh, we have banks in 3 countries, of course, as we just mentioned. It could be over time that grab wants to create banks in new countries. So beyond those three. The fact that we're now aligning to an organisation, the banks and the chiefs in which Chichin has a footprint in 6 countries, I think you can readily see that that would make it easier for us to both assess and then set up banks in the 3 countries where we don't currently have banks. So part of this is setting us up, well, if we do decide to start new banks in those other three countries. So that's very clear. As Andrea says, it's early days yet, in terms of answering the second question, but there are plenty of instances where the bank's already outsource, tech capabilities. to grab, for example, grab defence, for example, you know, cybersecurity, et cetera. There are lots of capabilities that grab has, which the banks could never afford to build up. I think AI is one that I mentioned where grab is properly spending 100 million already as a run rate on AI. So those are the things where we do expect the banks to, if they want to run faster, to latch onto what grab is already doing, which is moving very, very fast. For the existing tech teams, I think that's something that you'll work through with Andrea, Shah, et cetera, so we can come to the right decisions. If we do move more of the build into grab side, it will be done under a similar arrangement that we had today. Just, I guess, an extension of the outsourcing arrangements. So there's a structure through which we could do that. But as AC was saying earlier, we want to minimise the movement of people between entities wherever possible. So, um, it could be, it could be that the organisational alignment will move to grab, but the people stay in the entities in which they're currently in. That's kind of how we're thinking about it. Because we want people to be able to focus on building great products for customers. We don't want people to worry about lots of organisational changes wherever possible. So that's, that's being very transparent with you. Well, I hope that's useful. But that's in the context of where I started out, this discussion to say, we have no plans to make cost reductions, so this is not about cost reduction. We want to minimise the organisational disruptions, so you all can get on and build great products for the many customers out there that without us will never get access to financial services. So thank you all very much for these have been great questions. Really appreciate the Q and A. It goes without saying that you can always ask more questions to any of us at any time, whether it's your direct line manager or somebody sitting up here with a microphone, you can reach out to us at any time. What we try to do today is be very clear about what the overall intent of this is. It's not about cost reduction, it's about going further, faster together. So I hope you find that as exciting as we do, because there's lots of great things that we can all do together. Thank you.